DOCSP-45175: Connect to MongoDB (#95)
mongodb/docs-ruby: source/get-started/connect-to-mongodb.txt

.. _ruby-get-started-connect-to-mongodb:

==================
Connect to MongoDB
==================

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: tutorial

.. meta::
   :keywords: test connection, runnable, code example

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Edit your {+language+} application file

      Navigate to your ``quickstart.rb`` file in the ``ruby-quickstart``

>       directory. Copy and paste the following code under the Bundler
>       code from the :ref:`ruby-quick-start-download-and-install` step 
>       of this tutorial to query the ``movies`` collection in the ``sample_mflix``
>       database:

Reviewer: S: Split this last sentence since it's a bit long and hard to follow
```suggestion
      directory. Copy and paste the following code below the Bundler
      code from the :ref:`ruby-quick-start-download-and-install` step 
      of this tutorial. This code connects to MongoDB and queries the 
      ``movies`` collection in the ``sample_mflix`` database.
```

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/get-started/quickstart.rb
         :language: ruby
         :dedent:
         :start-after: start-query
         :end-before: end-query

   .. step:: Assign the connection string

      Replace the ``<connection string>`` placeholder with the 
      connection string that you copied from the :ref:`ruby-get-started-connection-string`
      step of this tutorial.

   .. step:: Run your {+language+} application

>       In your project directory, run the following shell command to run the application:

Reviewer: S: Be specific about where to run this from since the first step had them navigate away from the directory
```suggestion
      Navigate back to your ``ruby-quickstart`` directory and run the following shell command to run the application:
```
